@generate /noformat

<test-errors>
activate successful
CONDA_EXE=/usr/share/miniconda/bin/conda
_CE_M=
PWD=/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1
CONDA_PREFIX=/usr/share/miniconda/envs/sympy__sympy__1.0-1
CONDA_PROMPT_MODIFIER=(sympy__sympy__1.0-1) 
_CE_CONDA=
CONDA_SHLVL=1
SHLVL=1
CONDA_PYTHON_EXE=/usr/share/miniconda/bin/python
CONDA_DEFAULT_ENV=sympy__sympy__1.0-1
CONDA_PKGS_DIRS=/usr/share/miniconda/cache
PATH=/usr/share/miniconda/envs/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/bin:/usr/share/miniconda/condabin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin
_=/usr/bin/printenv
/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py:3: DeprecationWarning: Using or importing the ABCs from 'collections' instead of from 'collections.abc' is deprecated since Python 3.3, and in 3.10 it will stop working
  from collections import Mapping
/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/plotting/plot.py:28: DeprecationWarning: Using or importing the ABCs from 'collections' instead of from 'collections.abc' is deprecated since Python 3.3, and in 3.10 it will stop working
  from collections import Callable
/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py:3: DeprecationWarning: Using or importing the ABCs from 'collections' instead of from 'collections.abc' is deprecated since Python 3.3, and in 3.10 it will stop working
  from collections import Mapping
/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/plotting/plot.py:28: DeprecationWarning: Using or importing the ABCs from 'collections' instead of from 'collections.abc' is deprecated since Python 3.3, and in 3.10 it will stop working
  from collections import Callable
============================= test process starts ==============================
executable:         /usr/share/miniconda/envs/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/bin/python  (3.9.19-final-0) [CPython]
architecture:       64-bit
cache:              no
ground types:       python 
random seed:        15433
hash randomization: on (PYTHONHASHSEED=180115496)

sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py[11] 
test_apart E
test_apart_matrix ok
test_apart_symbolic F
test_apart_extension E
test_apart_full ok
test_apart_undetermined_coeffs F
test_apart_list ok
test_assemble_partfrac_list ok
test_noncommutative_pseudomultivariate f
test_noncommutative ok
test_issue_5798 ok                                                        [FAIL]

sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py[138] 
test_Poly_from_dict ok
test_Poly_from_list ok
test_Poly_from_poly ok
test_Poly_from_expr ok
test_Poly__new__ ok
test_Poly__args ok
test_Poly__gens ok
test_Poly_zero ok
test_Poly_one ok
test_Poly__unify ok
test_Poly_free_symbols ok
test_PurePoly_free_symbols ok
test_Poly__eq__ ok
test_PurePoly__eq__ ok
test_PurePoly_Poly ok
test_Poly_get_domain ok
test_Poly_set_domain ok
test_Poly_get_modulus ok
test_Poly_set_modulus ok
test_Poly_add_ground ok
test_Poly_sub_ground ok
test_Poly_mul_ground ok
test_Poly_quo_ground ok
test_Poly_exquo_ground ok
test_Poly_abs ok
test_Poly_neg ok
test_Poly_add ok
test_Poly_sub ok
test_Poly_mul ok
test_Poly_sqr ok
test_Poly_pow ok
test_Poly_divmod ok
test_Poly_eq_ne ok
test_Poly_nonzero ok
test_Poly_properties ok
test_Poly_is_irreducible ok
test_Poly_subs ok
test_Poly_replace ok
test_Poly_reorder ok
test_Poly_ltrim ok
test_Poly_has_only_gens ok
test_Poly_to_ring ok
test_Poly_to_field ok
test_Poly_to_exact ok
test_Poly_retract ok
test_Poly_slice ok
test_Poly_coeffs ok
test_Poly_monoms ok
test_Poly_terms ok
test_Poly_all_coeffs ok
test_Poly_all_monoms ok
test_Poly_all_terms ok
test_Poly_termwise ok
test_Poly_length ok
test_Poly_as_dict ok
test_Poly_as_expr ok
test_Poly_lift ok
test_Poly_deflate ok
test_Poly_inject ok
test_Poly_eject ok
test_Poly_exclude ok
test_Poly__gen_to_level ok
test_Poly_degree ok
test_Poly_degree_list ok
test_Poly_total_degree ok
test_Poly_homogenize ok
test_Poly_homogeneous_order ok
test_Poly_LC ok
test_Poly_TC ok
test_Poly_EC ok
test_Poly_coeff ok
test_Poly_nth ok
test_Poly_LM ok
test_Poly_LM_custom_order ok
test_Poly_EM ok
test_Poly_LT ok
test_Poly_ET ok
test_Poly_max_norm ok
test_Poly_l1_norm ok
test_Poly_clear_denoms ok
test_Poly_rat_clear_denoms ok
test_Poly_integrate ok
test_Poly_diff ok
test_issue_9585 ok
test_Poly_eval ok
test_Poly___call__ ok
test_parallel_poly_from_expr ok
test_pdiv ok
test_div ok
test_gcdex ok
test_revert ok
test_subresultants ok
test_resultant ok
test_discriminant ok
test_dispersion ok
test_gcd_list ok
test_lcm_list ok
test_gcd ok
test_gcd_numbers_vs_polys ok
test_terms_gcd ok
test_trunc ok
test_monic ok
test_content ok
test_primitive ok
test_compose ok
test_shift ok
test_transform ok
test_sturm E
test_gff ok
test_sqf_norm ok
test_sqf ok
test_factor E
test_factor_large ok
test_factor_noeval f
test_intervals E
test_refine_root ok
test_count_roots ok
test_Poly_root ok
test_real_roots ok
test_all_roots ok
test_nroots E
test_ground_roots ok
test_nth_power_roots_poly ok
test_torational_factor_list E
test_cancel E
test_reduced ok
test_groebner ok
test_fglm ok
test_is_zero_dimensional ok
test_GroebnerBasis ok
test_poly ok
test_keep_coeff ok
test_poly_matching_consistency f
test_issue_5786 f
test_noncommutative ok
test_to_rational_coeffs ok
test_factor_terms ok
test_issue_11198 ok                                                       [FAIL]


________________________________________________________________________________
________________ sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py:test_apart _________________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py", line 35, in test_apart
    assert apart((E*x + 2)/(x - pi)*(x - 1), x) == \
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/utilities/decorator.py", line 37, in threaded_func
    return func(expr, *args, **kwargs)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/partfrac.py", line 127, in apart
    common, P, Q = P.cancel(Q)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/polytools.py", line 3606, in cancel
    result = F.cancel(G, include=include)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/polyclasses.py", line 680, in cancel
    cF, cG, F, G = dmp_cancel(F, G, lev, dom, include=False)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/euclidtools.py", line 1874, in dmp_cancel
    _, p, q = dmp_inner_gcd(f, g, u, K)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/euclidtools.py", line 1588, in dmp_inner_gcd
    return dup_inner_gcd(f, g, K)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/euclidtools.py", line 1520, in dup_inner_gcd
    return dup_ff_prs_gcd(f, g, K)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/euclidtools.py", line 1035, in dup_ff_prs_gcd
    h = dup_subresultants(f, g, K)[-1]
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/euclidtools.py", line 410, in dup_subresultants
    return dup_inner_subresultants(f, g, K)[0]
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/euclidtools.py", line 380, in dup_inner_subresultants
    h = dup_prem(f, g, K)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/densearith.py", line 1087, in dup_prem
    R = dup_mul_ground(r, lc_g, K)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/densearith.py", line 275, in dup_mul_ground
    return [ cf * c for cf in f ]
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/densearith.py", line 275, in <listcomp>
    return [ cf * c for cf in f ]
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/domains/expressiondomain.py", line 89, in __mul__
    return f.simplify(f.ex*g.ex)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 141, in __mul__
    return Mul(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 182, in flatten
    if not a.is_zero and a.is_Rational:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 214, in flatten
    newseq.append(Mul(c, s))
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 430, in flatten
    p = Pow(b, e)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 207, in __new__
    if S.NaN in (b, e):  # XXX S.NaN**x -> S.NaN under assumption that x != 0
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1930, in __eq__
    return Rational.__eq__(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1538, in __eq__
    other = _sympify(other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 362, in _sympify
    return sympify(a, strict=True)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 243, in sympify
    if a in sympy_classes:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 3027, in __hash__
    return super(NaN, self).__hash__()
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 565, in __hash__
    return super(Number, self).__hash__()
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded while calling a Python object
________________________________________________________________________________
___________ sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py:test_apart_extension ____________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py", line 74, in test_apart_extension
    assert factor(together(apart(f))) == f
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/utilities/decorator.py", line 37, in threaded_func
    return func(expr, *args, **kwargs)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/partfrac.py", line 136, in apart
    partial = apart_undetermined_coeffs(P, Q)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/partfrac.py", line 189, in apart_undetermined_coeffs
    solution = solve(system, symbols)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/solvers/solvers.py", line 1062, in solve
    solution = _solve_system(f, symbols, **flags)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/solvers/solvers.py", line 1695, in _solve_system
    result = solve_linear_system(matrix, *symbols, **flags)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/solvers/solvers.py", line 2161, in solve_linear_system
    rv[k] = simplify(v)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/simplify/simplify.py", line 544, in simplify
    expr = Mul(*powsimp(expr).as_content_primitive())
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/simplify/powsimp.py", line 118, in powsimp
    expr = expr.func(*[recurse(w) for w in expr.args])
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/simplify/powsimp.py", line 118, in <listcomp>
    expr = expr.func(*[recurse(w) for w in expr.args])
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/simplify/powsimp.py", line 109, in recurse
    return powsimp(arg, _deep, _combine, _force, _measure)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/simplify/powsimp.py", line 121, in powsimp
    return recurse(expr*_y, deep=False)/_y
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 161, in __div__
    return Mul(self, Pow(other, S.NegativeOne))
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 182, in flatten
    if not a.is_zero and a.is_Rational:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1264, in _eval_is_odd
    is_integer = self.is_integer
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1097, in _eval_is_integer
    is_rational = self.is_rational
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1066, in _eval_is_rational
    r = _fuzzy_group((a.is_rational for a in self.args), quick_exit=True)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/logic.py", line 78, in _fuzzy_group
    for a in args:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1066, in <genexpr>
    r = _fuzzy_group((a.is_rational for a in self.args), quick_exit=True)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 548, in _eval_is_prime
    return self.doit().is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1553, in doit
    terms = [term.doit(**hints) if isinstance(term, Basic) else term
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1553, in <listcomp>
    terms = [term.doit(**hints) if isinstance(term, Basic) else term
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1555, in doit
    return self.func(*terms)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 135, in flatten
    coeff += o
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1851, in __add__
    return Integer(self.p + other.p)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1776, in __new__
    if isinstance(i, string_types):
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded in __instancecheck__
________________________________________________________________________________
________________ sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py:test_sturm ________________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py", line 2177, in test_sturm
    Poly((S(20000)/9 - pi**4/96)*x + 25*pi**4/18, x, domain='ZZ(pi)'),
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 141, in __mul__
    return Mul(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 182, in flatten
    if not a.is_zero and a.is_Rational:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 30, in __new__
    args = list(map(_sympify, args))
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 362, in _sympify
    return sympify(a, strict=True)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 243, in sympify
    if a in sympy_classes:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1630, in __hash__
    return super(Rational, self).__hash__()
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded while calling a Python object
________________________________________________________________________________
_______________ sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py:test_factor ________________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py", line 2337, in test_factor
    f = sqrt(expand((r**2 + 1)*(p + 1)*(p - 1)*(p - 2)**3))
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 141, in __mul__
    return Mul(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 182, in flatten
    if not a.is_zero and a.is_Rational:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1082, in _eval_is_zero
    z = a.is_zero
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 30, in __new__
    args = list(map(_sympify, args))
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 362, in _sympify
    return sympify(a, strict=True)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 243, in sympify
    if a in sympy_classes:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1972, in __hash__
    return hash(self.p)
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded while calling a Python object
________________________________________________________________________________
______________ sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py:test_intervals ______________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py", line 2561, in test_intervals
    assert all(re(a) < re(r) < re(b) and im(
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py", line 2561, in <genexpr>
    assert all(re(a) < re(r) < re(b) and im(
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/function.py", line 427, in __new__
    result = super(Function, cls).__new__(cls, *args, **options)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/function.py", line 250, in __new__
    evaluated = cls.eval(*args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/functions/elementary/complexes.py", line 59, in eval
    elif arg.is_imaginary or (S.ImaginaryUnit*arg).is_real:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1264, in _eval_is_odd
    is_integer = self.is_integer
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1097, in _eval_is_integer
    is_rational = self.is_rational
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1310, in _eval_is_prime
    r *= arg
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 141, in __mul__
    return Mul(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 287, in flatten
    neg1e += S.Half
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1853, in __add__
    return Rational(self.p*other.q + other.p, other.q, 1)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1307, in __new__
    p = Rational(p)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1294, in __new__
    if isinstance(p, fractions.Fraction):
  File "/usr/share/miniconda/envs/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/lib/python3.9/abc.py", line 119, in __instancecheck__
    return _abc_instancecheck(cls, instance)
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded while calling a Python object
________________________________________________________________________________
_______________ sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py:test_nroots ________________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py", line 2727, in test_nroots
    assert re(roots[1]) == -0.5
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/function.py", line 427, in __new__
    result = super(Function, cls).__new__(cls, *args, **options)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/function.py", line 250, in __new__
    evaluated = cls.eval(*args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/functions/elementary/complexes.py", line 59, in eval
    elif arg.is_imaginary or (S.ImaginaryUnit*arg).is_real:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 302, in _ask
    _ask(pk, obj)
  [Previous line repeated 3 more times]
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1311, in _eval_is_prime
    return r.is_prime
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1310, in _eval_is_prime
    r *= arg
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 141, in __mul__
    return Mul(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 287, in flatten
    neg1e += S.Half
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1853, in __add__
    return Rational(self.p*other.q + other.p, other.q, 1)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1307, in __new__
    p = Rational(p)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1294, in __new__
    if isinstance(p, fractions.Fraction):
  File "/usr/share/miniconda/envs/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/lib/python3.9/abc.py", line 119, in __instancecheck__
    return _abc_instancecheck(cls, instance)
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded in comparison
________________________________________________________________________________
_______ sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py:test_torational_factor_list ________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py", line 2796, in test_torational_factor_list
    p = expand(((x**2-1)*(x-2)).subs({x:x*(1 + sqrt(2))}))
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 915, in subs
    rv = rv._subs(old, new, **kwargs)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1029, in _subs
    rv = fallback(self, old, new)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1001, in fallback
    arg = arg._subs(old, new, **hints)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1029, in _subs
    rv = fallback(self, old, new)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1001, in fallback
    arg = arg._subs(old, new, **hints)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/basic.py", line 1027, in _subs
    rv = self._eval_subs(old, new)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 589, in _eval_subs
    return new**self.exp._subs(old, new)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 151, in __pow__
    return Pow(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 227, in __new__
    obj = b._eval_power(e)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 626, in _eval_power
    return Mul(*[Pow(b, e, evaluate=False) for b in cargs]) * \
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 141, in __mul__
    return Mul(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 182, in flatten
    if not a.is_zero and a.is_Rational:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 1082, in _eval_is_zero
    z = a.is_zero
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/power.py", line 388, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.base.is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 135, in flatten
    coeff += o
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1851, in __add__
    return Integer(self.p + other.p)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1776, in __new__
    if isinstance(i, string_types):
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded in __instancecheck__
________________________________________________________________________________
_______________ sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py:test_cancel ________________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_polytools.py", line 2860, in test_cancel
    f = x**3 + (sqrt(2) - 2)*x**2 - (2*sqrt(2) + 3)*x - 3*sqrt(2)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 77, in __sympifyit_wrapper
    return func(a, b)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/decorators.py", line 118, in binary_op_wrapper
    return func(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/expr.py", line 141, in __mul__
    return Mul(self, other)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 41, in __new__
    c_part, nc_part, order_symbols = cls.flatten(args)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/mul.py", line 182, in flatten
    if not a.is_zero and a.is_Rational:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 247, in getit
    return _ask(fact, self)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/assumptions.py", line 290, in _ask
    a = evaluate(obj)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/add.py", line 513, in _eval_is_zero
    if self.func(*nz).is_zero:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/operations.py", line 30, in __new__
    args = list(map(_sympify, args))
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 362, in _sympify
    return sympify(a, strict=True)
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/sympify.py", line 243, in sympify
    if a in sympy_classes:
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/core/numbers.py", line 1972, in __hash__
    return hash(self.p)
RecursionError: maximum recursion depth exceeded while calling a Python object

________________________________________________________________________________
____________ sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py:test_apart_symbolic ____________
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py", line 58, in test_apart_symbolic
    assert apart(f/g, x) == 1/a - 1/(x + c)**2 - b**2/(a*(a*x + b)**2)
AssertionError
________________________________________________________________________________
______ sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py:test_apart_undetermined_coeffs _______
  File "/home/runner/work/_temp/tmpe_9wq8n3/sympy__sympy__1.0-1/sympy/polys/tests/test_partfrac.py", line 112, in test_apart_undetermined_coeffs
    assert apart_undetermined_coeffs(p, q) == r
AssertionError

 tests finished: 135 passed, 2 failed, 4 expected to fail, 8 exceptions, 
in 5.23 seconds 
DO *NOT* COMMIT!

</test-errors>

<file>
<path>sympy/polys/partfrac.py</path>
<content>
1: """Algorithms for partial fraction decomposition of rational functions. """
2: 
3: from __future__ import print_function, division
4: 
5: from sympy.polys import Poly, RootSum, cancel, factor
6: from sympy.polys.polytools import parallel_poly_from_expr
7: from sympy.polys.polyoptions import allowed_flags, set_defaults
8: from sympy.polys.polyerrors import PolynomialError
9: 
10: from sympy.core import S, Add, sympify, Function, Lambda, Dummy
11: from sympy.core.basic import preorder_traversal
12: from sympy.utilities import numbered_symbols, take, xthreaded, public
13: from sympy.core.compatibility import range
14: 
15: @xthreaded
16: @public
17: def apart(f, x=None, full=False, **options):
18:     """
19:     Compute partial fraction decomposition of a rational function.
20: 
21:     Given a rational function ``f``, computes the partial fraction
22:     decomposition of ``f``. Two algorithms are available: One is based on the
23:     undertermined coefficients method, the other is Bronstein's full partial
24:     fraction decomposition algorithm.
25: 
26:     The undetermined coefficients method (selected by ``full=False``) uses
27:     polynomial factorization (and therefore accepts the same options as
28:     factor) for the denominator. Per default it works over the rational
29:     numbers, therefore decomposition of denominators with non-rational roots
30:     (e.g. irrational, complex roots) is not supported by default (see options
31:     of factor).
32: 
33:     Bronstein's algorithm can be selected by using ``full=True`` and allows a
34:     decomposition of denominators with non-rational roots. A human-readable
35:     result can be obtained via ``doit()`` (see examples below).
36: 
37:     Examples
38:     ========
39: 
40:     >>> from sympy.polys.partfrac import apart
41:     >>> from sympy.abc import x, y
42: 
43:     By default, using the undetermined coefficients method:
44: 
45:     >>> apart(y/(x + 2)/(x + 1), x)
46:     -y/(x + 2) + y/(x + 1)
47: 
48:     The undetermined coefficients method does not provide a result when the
49:     denominators roots are not rational:
50: 
51:     >>> apart(y/(x**2 + x + 1), x)
52:     y/(x**2 + x + 1)
53: 
54:     You can choose Bronstein's algorithm by setting ``full=True``:
55: 
56:     >>> apart(y/(x**2 + x + 1), x, full=True)
57:     RootSum(_w**2 + _w + 1, Lambda(_a, (-2*_a*y/3 - y/3)/(-_a + x)))
58: 
59:     Calling ``doit()`` yields a human-readable result:
60: 
61:     >>> apart(y/(x**2 + x + 1), x, full=True).doit()
62:     (-y/3 - 2*y*(-1/2 - sqrt(3)*I/2)/3)/(x + 1/2 + sqrt(3)*I/2) + (-y/3 -
63:         2*y*(-1/2 + sqrt(3)*I/2)/3)/(x + 1/2 - sqrt(3)*I/2)
64: 
65: 
66:     See Also
67:     ========
68: 
69:     apart_list, assemble_partfrac_list
70:     """
71:     allowed_flags(options, [])
72: 
73:     f = sympify(f)
74: 
75:     if f.is_Atom:
76:         return f
77:     else:
78:         P, Q = f.as_numer_denom()
79: 
80:     _options = options.copy()
81:     options = set_defaults(options, extension=True)
82:     try:
83:         (P, Q), opt = parallel_poly_from_expr((P, Q), x, **options)
84:     except PolynomialError as msg:
85:         if f.is_commutative:
86:             raise PolynomialError(msg)
87:         # non-commutative
88:         if f.is_Mul:
89:             c, nc = f.args_cnc(split_1=False)
90:             nc = f.func(*nc)
91:             if c:
92:                 c = apart(f.func._from_args(c), x=x, full=full, **_options)
93:                 return c*nc
94:             else:
95:                 return nc
96:         elif f.is_Add:
97:             c = []
98:             nc = []
99:             for i in f.args:
100:                 if i.is_commutative:
101:                     c.append(i)
102:                 else:
103:                     try:
104:                         nc.append(apart(i, x=x, full=full, **_options))
105:                     except NotImplementedError:
106:                         nc.append(i)
107:             return apart(f.func(*c), x=x, full=full, **_options) + f.func(*nc)
108:         else:
109:             reps = []
110:             pot = preorder_traversal(f)
111:             next(pot)
112:             for e in pot:
113:                 try:
114:                     reps.append((e, apart(e, x=x, full=full, **_options)))
115:                     pot.skip()  # this was handled successfully
116:                 except NotImplementedError:
117:                     pass
118:             return f.xreplace(dict(reps))
119: 
120:     if P.is_multivariate:
121:         # Decompose with respect to all variables iteratively.
122:         decomposed = f
123:         for var in P.gens:
124:             decomposed = apart(decomposed, x=var, full=full, **_options)
125:         return decomposed
126: 
127:     common, P, Q = P.cancel(Q)
128: 
129:     poly, P = P.div(Q, auto=True)
130:     P, Q = P.rat_clear_denoms(Q)
131: 
132:     if Q.degree() <= 1:
133:         partial = P/Q
134:     else:
135:         if not full:
136:             partial = apart_undetermined_coeffs(P, Q)
137:         else:
138:             partial = apart_full_decomposition(P, Q)
139: 
140:     terms = S.Zero
141: 
142:     for term in Add.make_args(partial):
143:         if term.has(RootSum):
144:             terms += term
145:         else:
146:             terms += factor(term)
147: 
148:     return common*(poly.as_expr() + terms)
149: 
150: 
151: def apart_undetermined_coeffs(P, Q):
152:     """Partial fractions via method of undetermined coefficients. """
153:     X = numbered_symbols(cls=Dummy)
154:     partial, symbols = [], []
155: 
156:     _, factors = Q.factor_list()
157: 
158:     for f, k in factors:
159:         n, q = f.degree(), Q
160: 
161:         # Include checks for other symbols in multivariate P
162:         other_symbols = [s for s in P.free_symbols if s != Q.gen]
163:         for i in range(1, k + 1):
164:             coeffs, q = take(X, n), q.quo(f)
165:             partial.append((coeffs, q, f, i))
166:             symbols.extend(coeffs)
167: 
168:             # Avoid premature simplification when other symbols exist
169:             if other_symbols:
170:                 coeffs = [c.as_independent(*other_symbols, as_Add=False)[1] for c in coeffs]
171:                 partial[-1] = (coeffs, q, f, i)
172:                 symbols.extend(coeffs)
173: 
174:     dom = Q.get_domain().inject(*symbols)
175:     F = Poly(0, Q.gen, domain=dom)
176: 
177:     for i, (coeffs, q, f, k) in enumerate(partial):
178:         h = Poly(coeffs, Q.gen, domain=dom)
179:         partial[i] = (h, f, k)
180:         q = q.set_domain(dom)
181:         F += h*q
182: 
183:     system, result = [], S(0)
184: 
185:     for (k,), coeff in F.terms():
186:         system.append(coeff - P.nth(k))
187: 
188:     from sympy.solvers import solve
189:     solution = solve(system, symbols)
190: 
191:     for h, f, k in partial:
192:         h = h.as_expr().subs(solution)
193:         result += h/f.as_expr()**k
194: 
195:     return result
196: 
197: 
198: def apart_full_decomposition(P, Q):
199:     """
200:     Bronstein's full partial fraction decomposition algorithm.
201: 
202:     Given a univariate rational function ``f``, performing only GCD
203:     operations over the algebraic closure of the initial ground domain
204:     of definition, compute full partial fraction decomposition with
205:     fractions having linear denominators.
206: 
207:     Note that no factorization of the initial denominator of ``f`` is
208:     performed. The final decomposition is formed in terms of a sum of
209:     :class:`RootSum` instances.
210: 
211:     References
212:     ==========
213: 
214:     1. [Bronstein93]_
215: 
216:     """
217:     return assemble_partfrac_list(apart_list(P/Q, P.gens[0]))
218: 
219: 
220: @public
221: def apart_list(f, x=None, dummies=None, **options):
222:     """
223:     Compute partial fraction decomposition of a rational function
224:     and return the result in structured form.
225: 
226:     Given a rational function ``f`` compute the partial fraction decomposition
227:     of ``f``. Only Bronstein's full partial fraction decomposition algorithm
228:     is supported by this method. The return value is highly structured and
229:     perfectly suited for further algorithmic treatment rather than being
230:     human-readable. The function returns a tuple holding three elements:
231: 
232:     * The first item is the common coefficient, free of the variable `x` used
233:       for decomposition. (It is an element of the base field `K`.)
234: 
235:     * The second item is the polynomial part of the decomposition. This can be
236:       the zero polynomial. (It is an element of `K[x]`.)
237: 
238:     * The third part itself is a list of quadruples. Each quadruple
239:       has the following elements in this order:
240: 
241:       - The (not necessarily irreducible) polynomial `D` whose roots `w_i` appear
242:         in the linear denominator of a bunch of related fraction terms. (This item
243:         can also be a list of explicit roots. However, at the moment ``apart_list``
244:         never returns a result this way, but the related ``assemble_partfrac_list``
245:         function accepts this format as input.)
246: 
247:       - The numerator of the fraction, written as a function of the root `w`
248: 
249:       - The linear denominator of the fraction *excluding its power exponent*,
250:         written as a function of the root `w`.
251: 
252:       - The power to which the denominator has to be raised.
253: 
254:     On can always rebuild a plain expression by using the function ``assemble_partfrac_list``.
255: 
256:     Examples
257:     ========
258: 
259:     A first example:
260: 
261:     >>> from sympy.polys.partfrac import apart_list, assemble_partfrac_list
262:     >>> from sympy.abc import x, t
263: 
264:     >>> f = (2*x**3 - 2*x) / (x**2 - 2*x + 1)
265:     >>> pfd = apart_list(f)
266:     >>> pfd
267:     (1,
268:     Poly(2*x + 4, x, domain='ZZ'),
269:     [(Poly(_w - 1, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, 4), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 1)])
270: 
271:     >>> assemble_partfrac_list(pfd)
272:     2*x + 4 + 4/(x - 1)
273: 
274:     Second example:
275: 
276:     >>> f = (-2*x - 2*x**2) / (3*x**2 - 6*x)
277:     >>> pfd = apart_list(f)
278:     >>> pfd
279:     (-1,
280:     Poly(2/3, x, domain='QQ'),
281:     [(Poly(_w - 2, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, 2), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 1)])
282: 
283:     >>> assemble_partfrac_list(pfd)
284:     -2/3 - 2/(x - 2)
285: 
286:     Another example, showing symbolic parameters:
287: 
288:     >>> pfd = apart_list(t/(x**2 + x + t), x)
289:     >>> pfd
290:     (1,
291:     Poly(0, x, domain='ZZ[t]'),
292:     [(Poly(_w**2 + _w + t, _w, domain='ZZ[t]'),
293:     Lambda(_a, -2*_a*t/(4*t - 1) - t/(4*t - 1)),
294:     Lambda(_a, -_a + x),
295:     1)])
296: 
297:     >>> assemble_partfrac_list(pfd)
298:     RootSum(_w**2 + _w + t, Lambda(_a, (-2*_a*t/(4*t - 1) - t/(4*t - 1))/(-_a + x)))
299: 
300:     This example is taken from Bronstein's original paper:
301: 
302:     >>> f = 36 / (x**5 - 2*x**4 - 2*x**3 + 4*x**2 + x - 2)
303:     >>> pfd = apart_list(f)
304:     >>> pfd
305:     (1,
306:     Poly(0, x, domain='ZZ'),
307:     [(Poly(_w - 2, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, 4), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 1),
308:     (Poly(_w**2 - 1, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, -3*_a - 6), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 2),
309:     (Poly(_w + 1, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, -4), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 1)])
310: 
311:     >>> assemble_partfrac_list(pfd)
312:     -4/(x + 1) - 3/(x + 1)**2 - 9/(x - 1)**2 + 4/(x - 2)
313: 
314:     See also
315:     ========
316: 
317:     apart, assemble_partfrac_list
318: 
319:     References
320:     ==========
321: 
322:     1. [Bronstein93]_
323: 
324:     """
325:     allowed_flags(options, [])
326: 
327:     f = sympify(f)
328: 
329:     if f.is_Atom:
330:         return f
331:     else:
332:         P, Q = f.as_numer_denom()
333: 
334:     options = set_defaults(options, extension=True)
335:     (P, Q), opt = parallel_poly_from_expr((P, Q), x, **options)
336: 
337:     if P.is_multivariate:
338:         raise NotImplementedError(
339:             "multivariate partial fraction decomposition")
340: 
341:     common, P, Q = P.cancel(Q)
342: 
343:     poly, P = P.div(Q, auto=True)
344:     P, Q = P.rat_clear_denoms(Q)
345: 
346:     polypart = poly
347: 
348:     if dummies is None:
349:         def dummies(name):
350:             d = Dummy(name)
351:             while True:
352:                 yield d
353: 
354:         dummies = dummies("w")
355: 
356:     rationalpart = apart_list_full_decomposition(P, Q, dummies)
357: 
358:     return (common, polypart, rationalpart)
359: 
360: 
361: def apart_list_full_decomposition(P, Q, dummygen):
362:     """
363:     Bronstein's full partial fraction decomposition algorithm.
364: 
365:     Given a univariate rational function ``f``, performing only GCD
366:     operations over the algebraic closure of the initial ground domain
367:     of definition, compute full partial fraction decomposition with
368:     fractions having linear denominators.
369: 
370:     Note that no factorization of the initial denominator of ``f`` is
371:     performed. The final decomposition is formed in terms of a sum of
372:     :class:`RootSum` instances.
373: 
374:     References
375:     ==========
376: 
377:     1. [Bronstein93]_
378: 
379:     """
380:     f, x, U = P/Q, P.gen, []
381: 
382:     u = Function('u')(x)
383:     a = Dummy('a')
384: 
385:     partial = []
386: 
387:     for d, n in Q.sqf_list_include(all=True):
388:         b = d.as_expr()
389:         U += [ u.diff(x, n - 1) ]
390: 
391:         h = cancel(f*b**n) / u**n
392: 
393:         H, subs = [h], []
394: 
395:         for j in range(1, n):
396:             H += [ H[-1].diff(x) / j ]
397: 
398:         for j in range(1, n + 1):
399:             subs += [ (U[j - 1], b.diff(x, j) / j) ]
400: 
401:         for j in range(0, n):
402:             P, Q = cancel(H[j]).as_numer_denom()
403:             
404:             # Ensure proper handling when multiple variables participate
405:             if Q.free_symbols.difference({x}):
406:                 raise PolynomialError("Non-univariate denom in partial fraction")
407: 
408:             for i in range(0, j + 1):
409:                 P = P.subs(*subs[j - i])
410: 
411:             Q = Q.subs(*subs[0])
412: 
413:             P = Poly(P, x)
414:             Q = Poly(Q, x)
415: 
416:             G = P.gcd(d)
417:             D = d.quo(G)
418: 
419:             B, g = Q.half_gcdex(D)
420:             b = (P * B.quo(g)).rem(D)
421: 
422:             Dw = D.subs(x, next(dummygen))
423:             numer = Lambda(a, b.as_expr().subs(x, a))
424:             denom = Lambda(a, (x - a))
425:             exponent = n-j
426: 
427:             partial.append((Dw, numer, denom, exponent))
428: 
429:     return partial
430: 
431: 
432: @public
433: def assemble_partfrac_list(partial_list):
434:     r"""Reassemble a full partial fraction decomposition
435:     from a structured result obtained by the function ``apart_list``.
436: 
437:     Examples
438:     ========
439: 
440:     This example is taken from Bronstein's original paper:
441: 
442:     >>> from sympy.polys.partfrac import apart_list, assemble_partfrac_list
443:     >>> from sympy.abc import x, y
444: 
445:     >>> f = 36 / (x**5 - 2*x**4 - 2*x**3 + 4*x**2 + x - 2)
446:     >>> pfd = apart_list(f)
447:     >>> pfd
448:     (1,
449:     Poly(0, x, domain='ZZ'),
450:     [(Poly(_w - 2, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, 4), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 1),
451:     (Poly(_w**2 - 1, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, -3*_a - 6), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 2),
452:     (Poly(_w + 1, _w, domain='ZZ'), Lambda(_a, -4), Lambda(_a, -_a + x), 1)])
453: 
454:     >>> assemble_partfrac_list(pfd)
455:     -4/(x + 1) - 3/(x + 1)**2 - 9/(x - 1)**2 + 4/(x - 2)
456: 
457:     If we happen to know some roots we can provide them easily inside the structure:
458: 
459:     >>> pfd = apart_list(2/(x**2-2))
460:     >>> pfd
461:     (1,
462:     Poly(0, x, domain='ZZ'),
463:     [(Poly(_w**2 - 2, _w, domain='ZZ'),
464:     Lambda(_a, _a/2),
465:     Lambda(_a, -_a + x),
466:     1)])
467: 
468:     >>> pfda = assemble_partfrac_list(pfd)
469:     >>> pfda
470:     RootSum(_w**2 - 2, Lambda(_a, _a/(-_a + x)))/2
471: 
472:     >>> pfda.doit()
473:     -sqrt(2)/(2*(x + sqrt(2))) + sqrt(2)/(2*(x - sqrt(2)))
474: 
475:     >>> from sympy import Dummy, Poly, Lambda, sqrt
476:     >>> a = Dummy("a")
477:     >>> pfd = (1, Poly(0, x, domain='ZZ'), [([sqrt(2),-sqrt(2)], Lambda(a, a/2), Lambda(a, -a + x), 1)])
478: 
479:     >>> assemble_partfrac_list(pfd)
480:     -sqrt(2)/(2*(x + sqrt(2))) + sqrt(2)/(2*(x - sqrt(2)))
481: 
482:     See also
483:     ========
484: 
485:     apart, apart_list
486:     """
487:     # Common factor
488:     common = partial_list[0]
489: 
490:     # Polynomial part
491:     polypart = partial_list[1]
492:     pfd = polypart.as_expr()
493: 
494:     # Rational parts
495:     for r, nf, df, ex in partial_list[2]:
496:         if isinstance(r, Poly):
497:             # Assemble in case the roots are given implicitly by a polynomials
498:             an, nu = nf.variables, nf.expr
499:             ad, de = df.variables, df.expr
500:             # Hack to make dummies equal because Lambda created new Dummies
501:             de = de.subs(ad[0], an[0])
502:             func = Lambda(an, nu/de**ex)
503:             pfd += RootSum(r, func, auto=False, quadratic=False)
504:         else:
505:             # Assemble in case the roots are given explicitely by a list of algebraic numbers
506:             for root in r:
507:                 pfd += nf(root)/df(root)**ex
508: 
509:     return common*pfd
510: 
</content>
</file>
